yeah yeah yeah your boy said
it's been a long road
exactly King my life entertainment heyyo
something matter nothing that's the
story of my life when you finish with
this bung go ahead and play it twice
play it thrice that the King ain't
nothing nice if I learned a lesson there
life is some top singers gotta sacrifice
always been the type to ride nigga look
me in my eyes as long as guys with me I
don't need you niggas by my side been a
long road but still I got so far the
drop I'm smoking thinking about the
times a nigga nearly almost died thank
the Lord I'm still alive and healthy
blessed doesn't might you spit at you my
scripture paint a picture so just close
your eyes say sweet L allows us what my
grasses never ha but I'm always higher
dealing with the stress of life if
you're no not me or what I've been
through how can you fix your lips and
speak about me to principle niggas like
Zack here's you black song in a Hindu
let me set the record straight for each
and every one of you mama yes she makes
it
pitchblack they have 6 1983 out gamesack
I'm a mad casket bitch I hit up from the
back but don't talk I can't get your
bitch ass class said fuck the US on me
after I came from Iraq a young nigga
just wanted to rap but now I'm back in
the friend with something that'll make
the nigga hit a backflip Mac do you run
G
the globe in
fuck off bitches nigga in the end they
they give me nothing but drama games and
la she
but they did give me two kids I hope
they know no matter what they told that
I love them I conveyed that Boston beat
the bus over a thousand times splitter
down some rhymes and ever them can't
even find I love for money came back to
reality God's got my back but the devil
he won't bow sanity so world on the line
I had up on the bucket man at me instead
of on my own when everybody turned their
backs on me here
nothing y'all like kids through the game
don't change just the players in it
learn the rules I can't fix your car but
a nigga always carry tools straight now
he is always saying it with the booze
dude's ass yeah where he met me I got it
on tape I was out there grunting
overseeing spotters bookcase beat it
over a nigga had to leave some of the
best times in my whole life this is your
agency I'm glad you choose to pay the
fee but just know I got to give you
every fucking part of niggas you're not
starting because now they can offer PC
I'm in another laser this gave my life
so let me be or you will see or the fuck
they call me Saxon King and I don't need
no damn round all that fucking jewelry
that don't make me niggas can't break me
can't tell you everything if I people
eat what they eat fishes always want you
I can't bring myself to shake me
screaming that they hate me but still
gonna rape me bitch holla back when I
got some time if they ain't got no cash
nowadays and no hit my line I help
niggas out but what the fuck they did
for me but get back at me like Zach I'm
bout to charge a fee what all the shit
I'd ever free never for nothing's are
straight from the HEA our team
i'ma let you motherfuckers beat I'm just
thinking out of the words and I will let
you see ya
I'll say this boogers i'ma let you feet
I'll just be born out of the words and
i'ma let you see ya I said it's cool cuz
imma let you beat now just be more
louder than words
I like your en si